adding health warning about insecure protocols for LOAD CSV (#1006)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/clauses/load-csv.adoc

`LOAD CSV` supports accessing CSV files via HTTPS, HTTP, and FTP (with or without credentials).
It also follows redirects, except those changing the protocol (for security reasons).

[IMPORTANT]
====

> It is strongly recommended to only allow secure protocols like HTTPS in favour of allowing insecure protocols like HTTP. If allowing an insecure protocol is completely unavoidable, then Neo4j internally takes some measures to make these requests as secure as possible within their limitations. However, this means that insecure URLs which are located somewhere which uses virtual hosting will not work. The only way to load an insecure resource from a virtually hosted URL is to add the JVM argument `-Dsun.net.http.allowRestrictedHeaders=true` to the link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/{page-version}/configuration/configuration-settings/#config_server.jvm.additional/[jvm.additional]  config setting. For the sake of security, it is strongly recommended that this be avoided at all cost and that you only permit loading of resources over secure protocols. This can be achieved by limiting link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/{page-version}/authentication-authorization/load-privileges/#access-control-load-cidr/[load privileges] to trusted sources that use secure protocols.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is strongly recommended to permit resource loading only over secure protocols such as HTTPS instead of insecure protocols like HTTP by limiting the link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/{page-version}/authentication-authorization/load-privileges/#access-control-load-cidr/[load privileges] to trusted sources that use such protocols and avoid using resources from untrusted sources. 
If allowing an insecure protocol is absolutely unavoidable, Neo4j has internal measures to enhance the security of these requests within their limitations. 
However, this means that insecure URLs on virtual hosts will not function unless you add the JVM argument `-Dsun.net.http.allowRestrictedHeaders=true` to the configuration setting link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/{page-version}/configuration/configuration-settings/#config_server.jvm.additional/[jvm.additional]. 
```

Reviewer: How about this wording?

> It is strongly recommended to only allow secure protocols like HTTPS in favour of allowing insecure protocols like HTTP. If allowing an insecure protocol is completely unavoidable, then Neo4j internally takes some measures to make these requests as secure as possible within their limitations. However, this means that insecure URLs which are located somewhere which uses virtual hosting will not work. The only way to load an insecure resource from a virtually hosted URL is to add the JVM argument `-Dsun.net.http.allowRestrictedHeaders=true` to the link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/{page-version}/configuration/configuration-settings/#config_server.jvm.additional/[jvm.additional]  config setting. For the sake of security, it is strongly recommended that this be avoided at all cost and that you only permit loading of resources over secure protocols. This can be achieved by limiting link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/{page-version}/authentication-authorization/load-privileges/#access-control-load-cidr/[load privileges] to trusted sources that use secure protocols.

Author: Thanks. That looks better. Just a couple of suggestions:

```suggestion
It is strongly recommended to permit resource loading only over secure protocols such as HTTPS instead of insecure protocols like HTTP. 
This can be done by limiting the link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/{page-version}/authentication-authorization/load-privileges/#access-control-load-cidr/[load privileges] to only trusted sources that use secure protocols. 
If allowing an insecure protocol is absolutely unavoidable, Neo4j takes measures internally to enhance the security of these requests within their limitations. 
However, this means that insecure URLs on virtual hosts will not function unless you add the JVM argument `-Dsun.net.http.allowRestrictedHeaders=true` to the configuration setting link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/{page-version}/configuration/configuration-settings/#config_server.jvm.additional/[jvm.additional].
```
